playername : I can't wait to get out of this nightmare!!!!
Type: I am so excited
!Input I am so excited
playername : Where should we go now?
Dictionary: He is always in the campus, either in learning point or He and She.
Type: Alright lezzzz go
!Input Alright lezzzz go
Dictionary: Let's go buddy!!
( playername & Dictionary decided to go to learning point first )
( They arrive learning point but didn’t find him )
Dictionary: Heyyy.... he's not here, shall we get a coffee first? I love coffee it makes me strong
playername : Yeahhh let's get some before we find him
( Both of you go to He and She and buy a cup of coffee )
( You find a sit to sit down and enjoy your coffee, but accidentally bumped into someone )
Type: I am very sorry
!Input I am very sorry 
???: Holy shit, why are you so stupid? Do you know who am I?
playername : Urmmmmm.........
Type: Who are you
!Input Who are you 
???: Me? I am the boss of this world... My name is calculus material
Calculus Material: Coughhh...... I mean my brother is....... BUT IT DOESN'T MATTER
playername : So...... You are useless huh.......
Calculus Material: HOW DARE YOU FILTHY MORTAL!!!
Caculus Material: THE BOSS OF THIS WORLD IS MY BROTHER!!! Are you afraid??? 
playername : Afraid of what?
Type: I have been looking for you for a long time
!Input I have been looking for you for a long time
Calculus Material: Why are you looking for me? Who are you.......
( Calculus Material starts to get afraid and backs up as playername reveals his true identity ) 
playername : My name is playername
( Calculus Material coughs out his coffee and stutters )
Calculus Material: You.... You a...are playername???? Th...the warrior?? 
Type: Yes
!Input Yes  
Calculus Material: Ahh..... you spilled the coffee on my body just now, I want to go now. Bye.....
( Calculus Material tries to run away from playername and Dictionary )
( Both of you try to chase him down )
Type: Why are you running?
!Input Why are you running? 
Calculus Material: 555, don’t slap me in the face.....
!Game
